Add offsite notes on expansion to sales playbook (#9309)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/expansion-and-retention.md

- Your approach will depend on the product that makes sense here:
  - If it's already a mature product we have shipped, you should aim to show how the product complements what they _already_ are using in PostHog - don't just arbitrarily sell in a product for the sake of it. For example, you can say ‘other customers that look like you are doing X, this is what we’re seeing’.
  - If it's something in beta or coming soon, you should start giving them sneak peeks of what's on our [roadmap](/roadmap). You can also schedule a feedback session with the relevant product engineer if they’re a great fit - customers _love_ this. Again, consider playing the founder card for something _really_ new and big.
- Understanding the blockers to using other products - these could be:
  - Privacy/compliance concerns (e.g. viewing session recordings) - we have a lot of documentation on this
  - Already doing it in house/with something else - demonstrated cool ways in which the products integrate and save their team time

>   - May be too far down the line with their own data warehouse - this is hard to overcome at this stage

Reviewer: It's hard to replace an existing data warehouse if they are at this stage but we can instead position it as "enrich your PostHog data with what's in your current warehouse"

Author: Added

>   - May be too far down the line with their own data warehouse - this is hard to overcome at this stage

Author: ```suggestion
  - May be too far down the line with their own data warehouse - it is hard to do a replacement at this stage, so instead talk about how you can enrich their data in PostHog with what's already in their data warehouse
```

>   - Not ready to invest the time and resources to implement more tools - you need to tie this to the pain of _not_ having an additional solution in place

Reviewer: Also reinforce time to value with PostHog for some products is very quick e.g with autocapture, session replay and (soon) no-code experiments

>   - Not ready to invest the time and resources to implement more tools - you need to tie this to the pain of _not_ having an additional solution in place

Author: ```suggestion
  - Not ready to invest the time and resources to implement more tools - tie this to the pain of _not_ having an additional solution in place and emphasize time to value is extremely quick with PostHog e.g. with autocapture, session replay, and (soon) no-code experiments. 
```
